so hello everyone I'm just going to make
a quick tutorial for someone that is
having a problem with explain and does
not know how to project the video or
watch a video on the TV or computer that
it provides you I just want to do is go
on the map that I have the save on or
you can make your own setup
with the world food is not as long as
the older Garry's Mod Gary's about 11 to
12 because they have new fresh up
servers valve so what you don't want to
do is go to the workshop and download
play at play X 2.6 and it should be one
of the ones that have a red background
play X 2.6 download that one all you do
is press the plus button on the workshop
item on the picture and then go into
your game you're going GM flat grass and
download my save if you're gonna
download my save please give it at least
a three star or rating it might be very
nice I already get 28 a three star
rating so thank you guys very much
that helps me want and it's in song game
okay might be a little lagging because
my fraps anyway what you'll want to do
is hold on cue then you want on let me
hold my seat
and then that's that's the save or
export or the exporters are look it's
over
so after that is all loaded yet again
I'm sorry for the chairs that are
flipped over or you don't want to do
like there's only one player in the game
I'm just going to flip one up like that
and as you see on the top left corner
play X 2.6 has an error loading so what
you don't want to do is go to all
entities and then you're going to want
to go to other and I want to go to play
X if you want to watch this on a server
there is no problem with that um your
friends these are all very small
textures besides this one projector the
second road first one and the first row
third one which is the counter-strike
monitor computer and I'm going to pick
it that's like
and I think that one is also
clarification the teeth the plasma TV
doesn't matter if the cameras crooked or
anything let's just project it do it
quick one okay and now we're going to do
from here let's go to options then you
want to go to administrator right here
and whatever like you're going to put it
just obviously going to be YouTube for
mine and then you can start it from
whatever you want on the video and then
you can press shift tab it's like shift
tab and then you can go to web browser
and then it links you to whatever
homepage you put for it - Google so just
type in why YouTube's right there
and then let me go on my channel so
there's no copyrighted material
pick it so for example let me get one
that does really have a lot of volume
so let's see this one doesn't really
have a lot of volume and what you don't
want to do on your web browser you could
actually press alt tab and exit out of
the game instead of going to the pier if
it's better for you you could pause that
pause the video you press you could
press like right here control a or just
keep clicking twice and then I'll
highlight all press copy or control C
let's highlighted shift tab back to the
game or just click the window again back
to the game if you're not on shift tab
and press control V or paste
then US open media
uhh
my child again open media and it's a bug
as you can see minecraft fails
as the audio and everything might be
some audio missing files go talk to the
creator of plate X but anyway press
closed media to pause and then you can
get another video easy as that
so hope you guys enjoyed my little setup
over here I will give you a little tour
right while I'm here I guess if you just
want it to Toria you could end it now to
get the elevator up press 0 the ones
where you get your weapons or you could
just press this button right here get on
and press slide down and press it off
again and for some reason it's not
working so you want to just press 0
again and tada
your damn so all you have to do is first
press 0 on the number pad 0 where you
pick your weapons it won't screw
anything up with your weapons but yeah
that's my player x up and everything it
might be a little sloppy but apparently
you guys liked it so thank you guys very
much
oh yeah and if you want to put a
duplicate of it on a different thing you
don't want to player extra peter and
then put in whatever you want and then
it's going to play off here and the
screen and it's only have one audio so
it won't duplicate the audio so yeah
hope you guys enjoyed
I mean we'll watch on videos on
playwrights
let me just show you a demonstration
ooh crap sorry guys I'm going to show
you a demonstration open media book
plays on their place on their so here
shooting and this one aria
no duplication okay hold on cue closed
media hope you guys enjoyed and peace